[Communication is a Data Analyst’s Most Important Soft Skill](https://cusomag.com/2023/04/17/communication-is-the-most-important-soft-skill/)
- If you can write it, you can communicate it
- Strategies for building communication skills
  - The number one way I have found success in developing my own communication skills as an analyst is via writing and re-writing what I am explaining.
  - The other strategy to use when trying to develop stronger communication skills is to talk with someone or attempt to train someone in a different role from yourself.
[ 
Nano tips:
  - Driving positive outcomes
    - Avoid using "why"
    - Moving from "but" to "and": 
    - Encourage openness: I like, I like, and I wonder
    - From validation to invitation, this will significantly change how confident you feel and the confidence others have in you.
      - Ask the person for their input or thoughts, or offer an opportunity for them to ask questions
      - if they need clarification. What are your views on that?
      - Let me know if you have any questions.
      - I'd like your input on this.
      - I look forward to hearing your thoughts.
    - Foster trust
      - challenge your assumptions: To better connect and foster understanding in your relationships, we all know that we need to listen, right? Well, listening alone actually is not enough. You need to demonstrate that you're both listening and you hear what's being said. Here are two essential and foundational techniques to add to your toolkit to help you do exactly this.
        - First, demonstrate your present and curious using open ended questions.
          - Tell me more about that.
          - What do you mean by that?
          - Can you share an example of that?
          - What do you think about?
        - Second, use a technique called reflection. Repeat back what someone has just said to you in your own words and then check your understanding is correct.
          - I hear you saying. Is that the case?
          - It sounds like. Is that right? So you feel.
          - Did I understand correctly?
          - The thing you want the most is, is that right?
        - Reflections are one of the most powerful communication tools because they confirm that you've heard and understand what the other person said. They validate and encourage greater sharing by fostering trust.-
  - Responding postively: When someone tells you something you already know, you might default to, 'I know.' Instead, try, 'that's right.'
  - Owning a professional apology
    - Let's talk apologizing at work. When do you do it? How do you do it? And other risks to doing it too much.
      - First, needlessly over apologizing and saying sorry too much can actually undermine your credibility.
      - Here are four examples of what to say instead of sorry.
        - Good catch. Thanks for picking that up.
        - Thanks for flagging. Is there anything else I missed?
        - Thanks for letting me know, I'll update that now.
        - Thanks for noticing, let me fix it.
      - A second, what if you actually have done something that warrants an apology? Maybe you missed an important deadline or made a big error in your reporting because you weren't paying attention. Here are five steps to apologizing professionally and with respect.
        - Explain what went wrong. I sent through the wrong data. Take responsibility.
        - This was an oversight on my part. Apologize with sincerity. I'm very sorry that it delayed the report's completion.
        - Be proactive about a commitment to improvement. In future I'll make sure I have a second person check the data before submitting. And close with poise. I appreciate your understanding.
  - Master nonverbal communication

  Story Organization
This lesson also teaches why organizing your story helps communicate data insights and engage your audience. A well-organized and well-crafted data-driven story can do the following:

Clarity: An organized structure helps convey your message clearly to your audience. It ensures that your findings and insights are presented logically, making it easier for the audience to follow and understand.

Focus: By outlining your data analytics story, you can identify the key points and focus areas that must be highlighted. This prevents you from including irrelevant or extraneous information, keeping your presentation focused and impactful.

Engagement: A well-organized story captivates your audience and keeps them engaged throughout the presentation. It builds anticipation and curiosity as you lead them through the narrative, making the insights more compelling and memorable.

Persuasion: Structuring your data analytics story effectively enhances its persuasive power. By coherently arranging your findings, you can make a stronger case for your conclusions and recommendations, increasing the likelihood of influencing decision-makers.

Efficiency: An organized outline serves as a roadmap for your presentation, allowing you to deliver your message more efficiently. It helps you manage time effectively by covering all the necessary points without getting sidetracked.

Accessibility: A clear structure facilitates communication with stakeholders who may not be familiar with the technical aspects of data analytics. It enables you to convey complex information in a manner that is accessible and understandable to a broader audience.

[Transitional Devices](https://owl.purdue.edu/owl/general_writing/mechanics/sentence_clarity.html)
[Acing the art of communicating data science insights to non technical audience](https://medium.com/@pariagal/acing-the-art-of-communicating-data-science-insights-to-non-technical-audience-a946972e0dec)

