Huyen, Chip. Designing Machine Learning Systems : An Iterative Process for Production-Ready Applications, O'Reilly Media, Incorporated, 2022. ProQuest Ebook Central, http://ebookcentral.proquest.com/lib/westerngovernors-ebooks/detail.action?docID=6989361.
  - For an ML project to succeed within a business organization, it’s crucial to tie the performance of an ML system to the overall business performance. What business performance metrics is the new ML system supposed to influence, e.g., the amount of ads revenue, the number of monthly active users?
  - The effect of an ML project on business objectives can be hard to reason about. For example, an ML model that gives customers more personalized solutions can make them happier, which makes them spend more money on your services. The same ML model can also solve their problems faster, which makes them spend less money on your services. To gain a definite answer on the question of how ML metrics influence business metrics, experiments are often needed. Many companies do that with experiments like A/B testing and choose the model that leads to better business metrics, regardless of whether this model has better ML metrics.
  - We can’t say that we’ve successfully built an ML system without knowing what requirements the system has to satisfy. The specified requirements for an ML system vary from use case to use case. However, most systems should have these four characteristics: reliability, scalability, maintainability, and adaptability. We’ll walk through each of these concepts in detail. Let’s take a closer look at reliability first.
